docs: add last replica timeout behavior to important notes (#980)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.7.1/references/settings.md

The time in seconds a v1 engine will wait for a response from a replica before marking it as failed. Values between 8
and 30 are allowed. The engine replica timeout is only in effect while there are I/O requests outstanding.

> This timeout only applies to additional replicas. A v1 engine will not mark the final replica for a running volume as
> failed until twice the configured timeout. This behavior is intended to balance volume responsiveness with volume
> availability:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting only applies to additional replicas. A V1 engine marks the last active replica as failed only after twice the configured number of seconds (timeout value x 2) have passed. This behavior is intended to balance volume responsiveness with volume availability.
```
